Hey! c'mon!
But they don't hear me though
But they don't hear me though,
But they don't, they don't, they don't, they don't

I got blood on my hands and there's no remorse
And got blood on my dick cause I fucked a corpse (c'mon!)
I'm a nasty nigga, when you pass me nigga look me in my eyes (what!)
Tell me to my fucking face that you ready to die (c'mon!)
You be a dead motherfucker, red motherfucker
Don't be stupid, you heard what I said motherfucker
Who shot you? aww nigga, like you don't know (woo!)
Sticking you for yo' dough while I'm fucking yo' broke ho (what!)
Yo! don't you get the picture? niggas can't touch me (uhh!)
Cause I don't give a fuck g, I'll get you touched b
I got choice, to rip my slug or take apart a door
And enough crazy niggas behind me to start a war (c'mon!)
So what you want nigga? help, cause youse about to rest (uh!)
When I'm fed, red cross couldn't clean up the mess
And a vest will do nothing but make you look a little thicker (yea!)
Cause in the dark, you ain't nothing but a lil' nigga (what!)
And if you'd been thinking about that shit you did
You wouldn'ta brought the joint, wit you kid,
Now I'ma have to get you kid, and split your wig, wit the machete (what!)
I bring beef to niggas, and string em out, like spaghetti (c'mon!)
You ain't ready, nor can you stand how I'm bringin it (uh!)
I'm givin it is how I'm livin it so I'm swingin it (uh!)
Red dot on your head, cause youse in mid range
Red dot on your chest, opens up your rib cage

I just love when a nigga bring his whole crew
It's just a bigger piece of cake for me to chew a hole through

I just love when a nigga bring his whole crew
It's just a bigger piece of cake for me to chew a hole through

I just love when a nigga bring his whole crew
It's just a bigger piece of cake for me to chew a hole through

I just love when a nigga bring his whole crew
It's just a bigger piece of cake for me to chew a hole through

Now if your heart was as big as your mouth, you'd be real
But it's not, so I know if you get knocked, you'll squeal
Like a bitch, cause you is a bitch and always been a bitch (oh, oh, ohh!)
And you know how niggas do a bitch we run up in a bitch (ohh!)
Put something in a bitch, nigga do you know me, nigga do you owe me? (uh-huh)
Figured you could blow me? well I'ma let this trigger fill you homey
Y'all niggas gots to be smoking something thinking you chokin somethin (uhhh)
Fucking around wit me you'll be a broken something (woo!)
I'm out for 'blood' with the 'crips' at war
How much shit could you talk wit your lips on the floor?
Pussy niggas make me itch, so I scratch, youse a bitch (uh, uh, uhh)
So I snatch up your face, fake-ass pencil I scratch you (uhh, uhh, c'mon!)
Yeah there was a time, when I would of jumped up and choked this nigga
(but now!) but now I'm on some shit like, "yo, smoke this nigga!" (uh-huh!)
I'm bout to find out how much guts you got before I spill em
Somebody come and get this motherfucker before I kill him (please!)
Fresh out the asylum, I'm whyling
Y'all niggas know the phone numbers for help you best to dial em (ay!)
Nine-one-one, emergency, the urgency
Will have witnesses seeing what the surgeon see (woo!)
How far you gon' get, wit your dome split fool!
I catch your man slipping cause he think his shit cool (c'mon)
But it ain't, so I paint the walls with his blood (uh, uh, uh)
Another dick in the mud, nigga what!!

I just love when a nigga bring his whole crew
It's just a bigger piece of cake for me to chew a hole through

(c'mon!)
Hey yo you know who this is for
They let the dogs in the door (c'mon c'mon, yeah)
Hey yo you know who this is for.. (c'mon)
They let the dogs in the door (yeah yeah)

I just love when a nigga bring his whole crew
It's just a bigger piece of cake for me to chew a hole through

I just love when a nigga bring his whole crew
It's just a bigger piece of cake for me to chew a hole through

I just love 
