Today's special
Is ghetto dope processed in 5th Ward Texas
We sell so much of this
Until they want to know what we put in it
Okay, I'mma share this recipe with y'all
Hey John, give me an ounce of that ether 5th Ward bass
Yeah, aww yeah, yeah
Yo Doug, give me a half a ki' of uncut drums
Aww yeah, yeah
Say Red, give me a pound of them horns with red hot sass in it
Yeah, aww yeah, yeah, aww yeah
Say fellas, give me a ton of everything
And cut it with the trigger happy motherfucking Ghetto Boys!

Way back in the days, I had a quest for artillery
Obsessed with handguns, fire open willingly
Fuck all the, Fisher Price, Tucker and Rammo
Just give me a .38, .45 and some ammo
I'll show you a lunatic if that's what you want to see
A warning from the border, my man, don't you fuck with me
'Cause I'm known for showing you motherfuckers what time it is
Gunning niggas down, all in my early years
I never backed up from a so-called Assassin
Communist, chink, Vietnamese bring they ass in
Me slack up on a hoe? (Oh no!)
If she wants to run to me, let her go, let her go
That's just one less freak that we have to deal with
Ak be in love with a bitch? Don't even feel it!
Smoking ampers got me like this, now how you figure
I'll forever be a trigger happy nigga
"Don't fuck with me! You stupid fuck! You die, motherfucker! Say hello to my little friend! I'll take you all to fucking hell! Don't fuck with me! You stupid fuck!" - Scarface samples

Poison my corner, trying to run a gang game
Selling that phony shit, it's white but it ain't 'caine
Some stupid motherfucker said I owed him
I ain't paying a motherfucker, I don't play and I showed him
That if you come and front me with that bullshit
Your card is filed and you'll die when I pull it
'Cause life is a gamble when you fuck with a psycho
No pity on another, it's a game, that's how life goes
I'm hip to all the tricks of the trade
Killing and stealing and ganking niggas to get paid
But this time, you bullshitted the bullshitter
And found out that I'm a trigger happy nigga

"Don't fuck with me! You stupid fuck! You die, motherfucker! Say hello to my little friend! I'll take you all to fucking hell! Don't fuck with me! Say hello to my little friend!" - Scarface samples

We needed money, so I robbed the liquor store
Down on your knees, she'd hesitated, I'd kick the whore
Want to go for bad? Bitch, I go for broke
Pulled out a .9 "Think it's a game?" She said, "Nope"
Out comes the manager, must of thought I was bluffing him
She knew I was serious saw the heat when I busted him
"Come on, motherfucker, I ain't playing so give it up"
She said the cops were coming, "Does it look like I give a fuck?
"You lucky I ain't horny, I'd be rocking you"
She let down her hair, pulled up her skirt and said "What's stopping you?"
"Bitch, you must mistake me for a lolly gag
"'Cause if I get in that ass they'll haul me off in a body bag
"Give me the money, I'm tired of the waiting and shit"
She said, "The box is empty" I said, "Ain't that a bitch?
"Back to the safe, you better open it fast
"I'm getting tired, I'm about to melt a cap in your ass"
I got all their money, let them live? How you figure?
I'll forever be a trigger happy nigga
"Don't fuck with me! You die, motherfucker!" - Scarface samples

Doing crime in H-Town in my prime
Robbed the same motherfuckers four or five times
Where was the cops when I was ripping off dividends?
Out writing tickets to hard working citizens
They ain't never been smart enough to catch me
But one day I went criming with a pussy
He got shot and hit the floor
I ran non stop to my Goddamn front door
Stashed the cash in case
A clue led the motherfuckers to my place
I grabbed the bib, cleaned my popper
And what did I hear? A Goddamn chopper
Damn, ain't this a bitch?
The motherfucker must have snitched
I thought about putting some heads to bed
But I played to stay instead
Surrender, the last day of November
Made bond the first day of December
Promised myself when I see that snitch
I'd kill that son of a bitch
Went scrap to slay everyday
I just couldn't, put the fucking gun away
Wait a minute, I'm full of those 40's
Caught his ass slipping at a block party
Killed the motherfucker as he said, "D, please"
Put holes in his ass like rat cheese
Squash that shit, how you figure?
I'll forever be a trigger happy nigga
"You die, motherfucker! Say hello to my little friend! Don't fuck with me!" - Scarface samples