It's OK mayn! Yeah it's oahkay (it's oahkay mayn)
They don't want to see you retire mayn (uh-ah)
Why dey want to fuck witchu? Why do they want to fuck witchu?
We don't bother nobody (nobody mayn)
We don't bother nobody (nobody) unless somebody bother us
They want to bring it now? (They want to bring it?)
We can bring it dere mayn (We can do this mayn!)
So fuckin' big (so big) so fuckin' big

Run Forrest! Ha ha!
I'm right behind you nigga so you can't hide
You done fucked up now!
Shay hello to my little friend!

Yo hah yo hah yo hah yo
Look what y'all made me do nigga, we just tryin' to live
Crossed the family one time, and we ain't tryin' to forgive
We ain't nothin' but some thug niggas that's, trapped in crime
And how we end our beef? We click clack them nines
I was taught at the beginning taught to win it
Don't fuck wit' me mayn!
I got a short temper
Niggas spreadin' rumors tappin' our phones make a nigga, want to do bad
? get money stashed ? on his ass
Foreign cars with at least a hundred on dash
(You thought you'd be paid right?) But not this rich
Thought about a, 4 or 5, then a brother betta', cop me a 6
Now find me in the studio somewhere, droppin' hits
Overlookin' the product somewhere, choppin' bricks
We makin' the hood, or we gon' take it to the hood
Yeah we gangsters difference between us and y'all
We make it look good
Take e'rything deep go all out
Said e'rything y'all know what we about

If you a soldier, then raise your rags
But if you a hater, you better hide your flags
But if you a soldier, then raise your rags
But if you a hater, you better hide your flags
Now if you a soldier, raise your rags
But if you a hater, you better hide your flags
But if you a soldier, raise your rags
But if you a hater, you better hide your flags

I told y'all the ghetto was a trap, but y'all fools didn't listen
I mean you like to cut class that's why you always missin'
Are you broke, are you old, are you rich, are you cold
Are you mad at me 'cause yo' shit didn't go gold?
Take a slug to the dome nigga boo-yaa boo-yaa
'Cause I squeeze the fuckin' trigger, ha ha!
Now I'm back for revenge nigga, fuck your friends
I got automatic weapons that'll, do you in
Fuck with Silkk, then you fuckin' with P
But if you fuck with my money, then you fuckin' with me
See it's real out in the streets and y'all niggas be fakin
We all about the cheddar y'all bout grits and bacon
I'm bout gettin' paid for life, y'all bout livin' trife
And that Benz that you lovin', I had it the other night
Ya heard me? Hoody hoo! Two mo' nigga!