Niggas pushin' rhymes like weight right now (Pushin' rhymes like weight?)
Know what I'm sayin'? (Yeah)
You gotta push rhymes like weight (You got to, you got to)
It's still a hustle, it's still a hustle, my nigga (Duct tape, rope and shit)
As long as you're Black, your life is gon' be a hustle, nigga (For real, for real)
You know what I mean? (Duct tape, rope) Huh?
I wouldn't even wanna be white, nigga, I'm glad I'm Black
I like it hard, you know what I'm sayin', Gotti? (Hahahaha)
I do it for the struggle, my nigga

Grr, uh-huh
Y'all motherfuckers is ready or what?
Is y'all motherfuckers ready or what?
I don't think you are
I don't think so

They got my back against the building, I'm the villain that's creeping around corners
Like, shorty, if you see them niggas creeping around, warn us
We might be coming through, gunning through, running through
So be careful what you do or the slugs might come to you
As long as I can remember, the streets have kept me safe
And ever since that time in December, the heat's been in my waist
I need the extra set of eyes so I keep my dog with me
Doctor says, "Let 'em die," shit, his fucking dog bit me
I don't know what's wrong with me, but it seems like since you heard of us
Y'all niggas turned into murderers since you couldn't fuck with a third of us
But still against me and wanna see me in the box
Grillin' me all crazy when you see me and The LOX
Leave you red like Foxx, ain't nothing funny about that
ICU up in a coma, you ain't coming up out that
You hold on for too long and they ain't pulling the plug for you
I'll run up in the joint myself and drop another slug on you
It's murda, it's murda (Motherfucker)

I dip, squat, then post up with the toast up
I bring beef to a closure, know something?
From Coxsackie to Folsom, I'm loathsome
I scream out, "Fuck the world," then I throw something
Niggas scheming hard, but fuck it, it's the God
I leave bullets lodged, leave you leaning on your broad
The R pump leave you fucked up in your car
Slumped, Kennedy-style with your memory out
What the fuck y'all want? Daddy-o with the Calico
Let the gatty blow, leave you bleeding on your patio
I leave rivals on they back, looking up at the sky blue
Not only do I leave you I hide you
I before you, X and Ja Rule
Death before dishonor, now and prior to
Boss man, fire you, expire you
Me die before you? You liar, you
Niggas is dead off the hits I approve
Shit, I got the feds wearin' riot suits
Y'all niggas don't listen, whether streets or in prison
When we find 'em, we twist 'em, niggas waking up missing
Y'all don't understand we want y'all all to hate it
(It's murda) Murder Incorporated
(It's murda) In crime we all related
(It's murda) You niggas see if y'all can fade it

I'm a murderer murdering anything that moves, seeing eye, nigga
It's like do or die, nigga, get caught up and fall victim to the worst shit
X, Jigga, and Ja as expected
Shine on the world and reflect it
Niggas don't respect it, so get it the worst way
Fuckin' with the wolves you get hunted like prey
Shot up in broad day, now everybody marchin'
I'm feeling like, "Stupid, didn't the Inc. warn you the first time?"
(We murda) Whenever you see blood
(It's murda) Layin' it down for the love
That's us, we the life, put the knife through your windpipe
'Cause most of your niggas ain't cut right
You thinking it's alright, nigga, but it ain't
I'm paralyzing clowns up and down from the waist
Give a nigga some space or I'm taking it while making you bleed
And if I gotta take, the nigga taking more than he need
It's nothing but love between me, you, and these slugs
Hit him up, wrap his body up in a area rug
Who holding the heat? Who leaving niggas cold in the streets?
Y'all know me, ya co-D, Ja Rule the OG
Niggas better watch me closely, get a grip
It's Hennessy that fuels all that murdering shit
When I look in the mirror, my reflection is killer
Jigga, X, Ja, nigga, it's murda
