Now low can you do ? Death row what a brother knows
Once again back is the incredible the rhyme animal
The incredible D Public Enemy, number one
" Five - o " said, " Freeze I " and I got numb
Can I tell 'Em that I really never had a gun
But it's the Wax that the terminator spun
Now they got me in a cell 'cause my records they sell
Cause a brother like me said " Well...
...Farrakhan's a prophet and I think you ought to listen to
What he can say to you what you though to do
Follow for now power of the peace say
"Make a miracle, D, Pump of the lyrical
Black is back, all in, here gonna win
Chek it out, yeah y'all c'mon, here we go again

Turn it up ! Bring the noises !

Never badder than bad 'cause the brother is madder than mad
At the fact that's corrupt as a senator
Soul on a roll, but you treat it like soap on a rope
Cause the beast in the lines are no dope
Listen for lessons I'm saying inside music
That the crusicsare blasting me for
They'll never care for the brothers and sisters now across
The country has us up for the war
We got to demontrate, come on now, they're gonna have to
Wait, 'till we get it right
Radio station I question their blackness
They call themselves black, but we'll see if they'll play this

Turn it up ! Bring the noises !

Get from in front of me, the crowd runs to me
My Dee Jay is warm, he's, I call him norm you know
He can cut a record from side to side
So what, the ride, the glide should be much safer than a suicide
Soul control, beat is the father of your rock'n'roll
Music for whatcha, for whichin',you call a band man
Makin' a music, abuse it, but you can't do it, you know
You call 'em demons, but we ride limos too
Whatcha gonna do ? Rap is not afraid of you
Beat is for sonny bond, beat is for Yoko Ono
Run - DMC First said a Dee Jay could be a band
Stand on it's own feet, get you out your seat
Beat is for Eric B. and L.L. as well, hell
Wax is for Anthrax, still it can rock bells ever forever
Universal it will sell
Time for me to exit, terminator x - it

Turn it up ! Bring the noises !

From coast to coast, so you stop being like a comatose
Stand my man ? The beat's the same with a boost toast
Rock with some pizzazz, it will last, why you ask ?
Roll with the rock stars, you'll never get a accepted as
Don't need to wait, get the records straight
Hey Roses in effected, got flavor, Terminator
X to sign checks, play to get paid
We got to check it out down on the avenue
A magazine or two is dissing me and dissing you
Yeah, I'm telling you...
