Yo, Choppa, this P
I'm Uptown right now (Ow)
I'm on my way to the Westbank to put a twist on this thing ya heard? (Oh yeah)
Ow, oh yeah
Ow, oh yeah
Ow, oh yeah
Ow, who they want?

Choppa style, Chop-Chop-Choppa style
Choppa style, Chop-Chop, she want
Chop-Chop, she love Chop-Chop, she want
Chop-Chop, they love Chop-Chop

Now I don't mean to sound rude, baby, or hurt you nothin'
I want an independent woman if she workin' with somethin'
I want a slim, fine woman with some twerk with her
She ain't got a lot of ass, but I can work with her
Want a big fine woman with some pop in her
She ain't got a lot of ass, but titties pop with her
Now I came here to get it buck
Represent for No Limit, if you ain't with it, catch a dump
We kneel it up in the trucks, you know what's up
We just signed with Universal and we got the clubs up
So put your head between your legs and touch your toes
Bounce your booty up and down, ooh, girl, there you go
Won't you walk like a model?
If you a independent woman maybe I'ma holla
You got your hair fixed nice with your clothes tight
You wanna shake it like a dog and do it all night, all night
Now assume the position and get it right
Put your hands in the air won't you make those titties fight?
I'm Choppa-Chop, you know what I'm about, I wanna see you
Turn around and stick your booty out, your booty out (Who they want?)
Choppa style, Chop-Chop-Choppa style
Choppa style, Chop-Chop, they want
Chop-Chop, they love Chop-Chop, they want
Chop-Chop, they love Chop-Chop, who they want?
Choppa style, Chop-Chop-Choppa style
Choppa style, Chop-Chop, they want
Chop-Chop, they love Chop-Chop, they want
Chop-Chop, they love Chop-Chop (Hold up)

Check this out
I wanna know where all my ballers at
And all my independent women, ya heard me?
We gonna do it like this here (Over here, over there)
This a chant, come along kinda like this here (Over here, over there)

If you a independent woman, holla (Ow)
If you got your own house, holla (Ow)
If you drive your own car, holla (Ow)
If you hate your baby daddy, holla (Ow)
If you an independent player, holla (Oh yeah)
If you hate your baby mama, holla (Oh yeah)
If you drive your own car, holla (Oh yeah)
If you take care of your kids, holla (Oh yeah)
Now won't you walk with it? Walkity-walk with it
Walkity-walk with it, gangsta walk with it
Shakety-shake with it, shakety-shake with it
Shakety-shake with it, shakety-shake with it
Now we got a brand new dance and it just won't stop
Throw your hands in the air and do the Choppa Rock
It go chop up a rock, rock, Choppa Rock
Rock, chop up a rock, rock, rock, y'all ready?
East Coast, where you at? Let me get a hand clap
West Coast, where you at? Let me get a hand clap
Midwest, where you at? Let me get a hand clap
Dirty South, where you at? Let me get a hand clap (Uh-oh)
Indonesia don't tease ya
I'm in the Benz with a bow-legged beaver
I likes to flip my pancakes up
And sex, I likes to give it to 'em rough
Big paper, all flavors
Send the word to the hood, I'm Jim Bakker
Love don't cost a thing, now who said that?
Big pimpin' and ballin', who made it?
I'm in that new Hummer with spinnin' wheels
And, aw man, check out the grill
Money, Gucci sandals, strip leather
I'm lookin' for the ghetto Cinderella
Choppa called me up, it's off the heezy
Now we tag teamin' for sheezy
I asked her, "Boo, call me a donkey"
'Less they crush balls, I like 'em chunky

Choppa style, Chop-Chop-Choppa style
Choppa style, Chop-Chop, they want
Chop-Chop, they love Chop-Chop, they want
Chop-Chop, they love Chop-Chop, who they want?
Choppa style, Chop-Chop-Choppa style
Choppa style, Chop-Chop, they want
Chop-Chop, they love Chop-Chop, they want
Chop-Chop, they love Chop-Chop
Now where your head go at when you want it from the back?
Toot-toot that ass up, she like it like that
Where my fellas go at when they hit it from the back?
Smack-smack that ass up, she like it like that
Won't you wobble-wobble move that? Show me how you do that
Girl, you a hood rat, make you holla, "Ooh, yeah"
Wobble-wobble move that, show me how you do that
Girl, you a hood rat, make you holla, "Ooh, yeah"
Wobble for me, come on
Won't you back it up for me? Come on
Won't you wobble for me? Come on
'Cause you know what Choppa want, come on

It's on now nigga, we ready
I said it's on now nigga, we ready
I said it's on now nigga, we ready
I said it's on now nigga, we ready
It's on now, it's on now
It's on now, we ready
The New No Limit, we ready
We ready, we ready