Yeah
Woah, ah yeah

This song's about a high class model
Over in Paris, France (Oh, Cindy C)
If I get a camera
Tell me will you dance (will you play with me?)
If I take a picture
In the middle of the night (Oh, Cindy C)
Will you fuck with me sugar?
Say it's alright, c'mon (will you play with me?)

(Cindy see, play with me)
(I will pay the usual fee)
Cindy see, (what's it gonna be?)
Will you play with me? (What's it gonna be?)
(Cindy see, play with me)
(I will pay with usual fee)
Cindy see, (what's it gonna be?)
I'll pay the fee (Cindy C)

Super-fine heifer (super fine)
I saw you in the Vogue
I knew you would be trouble (trouble, trouble)
But why go (go, go)
I'll give you seven sips of
Elderberry wine (one, two, three, four, five, six, seven)
Maybe we'll unlock the secrets of your mind

(Cindy see, play with me)
(I will pay the usual fee)
Cindy see, (what's it gonna be?)
Will you play with me? (What's it gonna be?)
(Cindy see, play with me)
(I will pay with usual fee)
Cindy see, (what's it gonna be?)
I'll pay the fee (Cindy C)

The passion's in the mix (serve it up, Sheila)
Drink it quick, Cindy, shit
Where'd you get that beauty mark?
Maybe you and I should be undressing

Don't all girls look the same, they don't?
Oh, what a shame
Cindy, Cindy I'll pay the usual fee
What's the matter, don't you like me?

(Help me tell me what it's all about)

I'm talking about a long crucial wait (Cindy see listen, she's so tired)
Girl if I have to beg (look at me)
I'm gonna see you in your birthday suit tonight (she doesn't look as good as I do)
I'm sure you're quite intelligent
A whiz at math and all that shit (how 'bout that?)
But I'm, I'm a tad more interested in flyin' your kite tonight (she can't even walk in those shoes)
Cindy, is that alright?
Oh Cindy see, will you play with me?
I'll pay the usual fee

Two organ solos to go

(Oh Cindy see, oh Cindy see, oh Cindy see, oh Cindy C)
(Oh Cindy see, oh Cindy see, yeah, oh Cindy see, oh Cindy C)
(Oh Cindy see, oh, oh, oh Cindy C)
(Oh Cindy see, will you play with me?)
(Oh Cindy see, I will pay the fee)
(Ah Cindy see, will you play with me?)
(Ah Cindy see, I will pay the fee)

Help me (shit)

Excuse my savior-faire
But, baby I'm dying to take you everywhere (oh yeah?)
I want to show you to my friends
Because baby, you're the living end (tell me now)
Let me have a debt worth winning
I can feel your ice is thinning
Like a frozen pond in spring
Your furry melting thing awaits me
Your furry melting thing awaits me (oh Cindy C)
And my six-string (will you play with me?)

(Cindy, where are you?)
C'mon Cindy (oh my God)
C'mon Cindy (wait)
Don't you want to play with me? (Ah, yes, no, wait)
Don't you want to play with me? (Yes)
What's the matter with me, Cindy? (Nothing)

(Shockadelica, whoa)
Oh Cindy see, won't you play with me?

Music is the key to set yourself free
From depression, drugs and increasing poverty
The key is to the lock, the lock is on the door
The door has a knob that you've never turned before
The jack, use the jack, it opens up the lock
'Cause there's the key to unlock the body
Place it like that to open up the door
The door to the house full of people galore
The beat won't stop 'til the JM jocks
And he jacks the box 'til the party rocks
The clock tick-tocks and the place gets hot
And believe it or not, all the troubles you forgot
It's just that easy if you want it to be
For all the fellas, and the young ladies
So ease your mind and set yourself free
To the mystifying music that we call Cindy see

Oh Cindy see, won't you play with me?
Oh Cindy see