Pound, pound the booty

Boom, Bell Biv DeVoe
Bell Biv DeVoe
Yeah, on a booty nation, why?all

Across the nation
Honey that's 3 inch pumps so high
Radio style, yeah

She was a fly girl from the projects
With a super dope body that I had to get
So I stepped to her
(What did you say, Ron)
I said, ?Yo?, baby, you think we could spend some time together?
?Whatever?s clever,? was what she said
Then the next thing you know she was in my bed
She was doin? me, baby, and I was doin? my duty
She was a helluva cutie
(Why)
Because she had a ghetto booty

Me, Rick and Ron was coolin? at the party
Pushed up on a sexy young hottie
I said to my man, ?Yo?, watch me work?
Looked myself over quick before I started to flirt

I said, ?Yo?, sweetheart, no need for introduction
But by the way, hmm, nice butt?
Let's go chill so I can get to know you better
Her first name was Loretta, she drove up a Baretta

We got to my room, she said, ?What are you gonna do?
?Well, let me slip into something more comfortable like you?
She jumped in the sack, I had my Jim hat strapped
And then I slapped her with a taste of the bowzack

Yo, the be-I-V was on a J-O-be, most definitely gettin? the D-O-M-E
Waxin? and taxin? from 12 to 3
Oh, fellas, get yourself a girl with a ghetto booty
Said fat, luscious and round
Hey, Ron, yo?, Ron
What's up with your girl named Boom-Boom Melinda
Yo?, Mike, what's up with the super dope hooker named Melinda
Yeah, yo?, Sick what's up with the honey that named Melinda
She got a ghetto booty, I wanna hit it from the center

It?s a booty that's firm, luscious and juicy
Kinda tender like a Roni but sensitive enough to do me
The kinda booty that'll make your day
But you gotta, gotta rub it the right way

Crisp and clean wrapped in tight jeans
Makin? all the fellas up at the club scream
But yo?, it?s dope, so I?mma step to the cutie
And do what I gotta do to get that ghetto booty

This goes out to all the girls across the world
With the fat black do me baby booty backs
Uh-huh, uh-huh, yeah

We wanna send a personal message out to all those highways
Bell Biv DeVoe be rollin? down on tour
To have all of those scrumptious booties, just chillin?
Yeah

She had the kinda booty that I?d always remember
She had the kinda booty that I?d always remember
She had the kinda booty that I?d always remember
She had the kinda booty that I?d always remember
She had the kinda booty that I?d always remember
She had the kinda booty that I?d always remember
She had the kinda booty that I?d always remember
She had the kinda booty that I?d always remember