I can't believe it
Could this be love, ya'll?
Could it be love, could it be love
At first sight?

Come on, let's go, I see you Mary
I like this right here, you ready?
The queen of hip hop soul
Bad boy, Mary J. Blige, yeah, back together again, let's go

Lookin' at you from a distance
Gettin' all of my attention
Could this be love at first sight, baby
You walked away and I missed you
Visions of wanting to kiss you
How could this be if I don't really know you?
Ohh baby, baby

Could it be love at first sight?
And I never knew that I, could fall in love on the very first night
Could this be love?

You had on the latest fashion
It was a bigger attraction
It drew me closer and closer to you, yeah, baby
I never done anything like this
But you I just could not resist
I swallowed my pride and stepped to your side
Or could it be - be

Could it be love at first sight?
And I never knew that I, could fall in love on the very first night
Could this be love?

I wanna know if you could call me up (could you call me up sometime? Please)
And maybe someday we just might hook up, could this love at first sight?

Once again, it's that other M&M now
How many women feelin' him?
Somebody call the coroner, quick, Mary is killin 'em
Tell 'em what's the 411 and who came runnin'
When Clef dialed 911 from shots comin'
This somethin' for the radio, guest starring M.C
Johnny Blazin' the hip hop and R&B
What, ya'll thought ya wasn't gon' see me
You can't spell Mary J. Blige without a J.B
Well back to the matter, and it's sex on the platter
She only wanna be happy and I ain't mad at her
You go momma, nowadays, I'm more calmer
And if you take a look at my life, no more drama
Now you know, you searchin' for a Wu-Tang pro
You find me, just bout everywhere the poontang go
Now you know, feel me like your favorite love song
Cuz my computer love is the thetruth.com

Could it be love at first sight?
And I never knew that I, could fall in love on the very first night
Could this be love?

Could it be love at first sight?
And I never knew that I, could fall in love on the very first night
Could this be love?