If loving you is wrong, I don't want to be right.
If being right means being without you,
I'd rather live a wrong-doing life.
Your mama and daddy say it's a shame.
It's a downright disgrace.
But long as I got you by my side,
I don't care what your people say.

My friends tell me it's no future in loving a married man.
If I can't see you when I want,
I'll have to see you when I can.
If loving you is wrong, I don't want to be right.
If loving you is so wrong, baby, I don't want to be right.

Am I wrong to fall, oooh, oooh, oooh, so deeply in love with you
Knowing you got a wife and two little children depending on you too.
Am I wrong to hunger for the gentleness of your touch
Knowing you have someone else at home who needs you just as much.

Am I wrong to give my love to a married man.
And am I wrong for trying to hold on to the best thing I ever had.
If loving you is wrong, I don't wanna be right.
If loving you is wrong, I don't wanna be right, baby.
Ooohaaow!

No, baby. Heh, eh, eh, eh. Uh uh.

Tell me, baby,
Am I wrong to give my love to a married man.
Am I wrong for trying to hold on to the best thing I ever had.
If loving you is so wrong, I don't wanna be right.
If loving you is wrong, baby, I just can't be right.
Ohaaow!

I don't wanna be right. No, baby.
I don't wanna be right. Oh, baby. Heh.
Ohaaow! I've been loving you a little bit too long.
I can't give up on your loving now.
I love you, want you, need you, got to have you.
Heeeeeeeeeeey! Good god almighty, baby.
I love you.
Mmmm, hmmm, hmmm, mmmm, mmmm, mmmm.
I need you. Let me have you.
Mmmm.

You see, the terrible thing about being in love with a married man is the fact that you can't see him when you really want to.
And that can get to you sometimes.
Late in the midnight hour, when you feel like you need a little loving, the man ain't nowhere around.
And that can get to you sometimes.
Early in the morning, when you really feel like you need someone to hold on to, the man ain't nowhere around and that can really get to you sometimes.
But what gets to you most of all is when the holidays roll around.
You gotta always be by yourself, 'cause that's the time when them families get together.
All the in-laws come to visit, so he has to stay home and play the part of the good and faithful husband.
But I ain't worried about it, 'cause I found out that when a man starts tipping away from home, somebody at home has fallen down on the homefront.
That's because when those women marry these men, they have a tendency to take advantage of them.
They forget about all the sweet things they say to get them that they have to keep on saying them to keep them.
'Cause you got a whole lot of women out there these days just like me who will tell a man anything in the world he'd feel like he might wanna hear.
I know. 'Cause I'm going with a married man.
And last New Year's Eve, I was lonesome as a nicky ficky.
But, J1, the man came on in like he was supposed to.
And I don't mind waiting that one day, 'cause anything worth having is worth waiting on.
So when the man came in, J1, I was right there waiting on him to tell him all them sweet things I know his wife hadn't told him over the holidays.
And you can think of a whole lot of good stuff to tell a n*gger when you're by yourself.
So the minute my man came in the door, J1, I start laying it on him.
I said oooh, baby. Oooh, baby.
Oooh, baby. My baby.

You're the sweetest thing I know, yes you are.
You dim the rainbow's glow, yes you do, baby.
There ain't no power, no power, no power on this earth
To ever, oh, oh Lord, separate us, baby,
'Cause you are my sunshine, my only little sunshine.
You are my sunshine, my sunshine.
And I love you, baby.
I can't help but love you, baby.
I love you, baby.
I couldn't give up if I wanted to.

You know I don't wanna leave you with a one-sided conception over this thing.
Anyone out there in my shoes this evening, I want you to know what I'm talking about.
I want you to know there's two sides to this thing.
There's a good side to being in love with a married man and I like it.
'Cause you see, when you're going with a married man, he can come over two or three times a week and give you a little bit.
That means you're two up on the wife already, 'cause once you marry one, you don't get it but once a week.
Another sweet thing is on pay day, he can come over and give you a little bread and I like that.
But the sweetest thing about the whole situation is the fact that when you go to the Laundromat, you don't have to wash nobody's funky drawers but your own.
And I like it like that.
I wanna keep my situation just the way it is.
And to make sure it stays like that, when my man comes over here two or three times a week to give me my piece, I set the clock so he can get up and go home on time.
Don't want him to be late.
Sometime it's be kinda hard for me to do, but I'll force myself anyway.
I tell him...

Listen to the clock on the wall. Hey, hey.
Listen to the clock on the wall right now, baby.
Tick on, clock.
Listen to the clock on the wall. Hey, hey.
Oh, forget about the clock on the wall.
I don't wanna be right this morning.

I don't wanna be right. No, baby.
I don't wanna be right. No, baby.
I don't care what your friends say about me,
I'm gonna keep on loving you.
I don't care what your parents say about us,
I'm gonna keep on loving you.
I couldn't give you up if I wanted to. No, baby.
Heeeeeeeeeey! Good god almighty, baby.
I'm gonna keep on keeping on.
I've got to keep on, keep on, keep on, keep on loving you, baby.
Owwww!
Lawd, Lawd, Lawd, Lawd, Lawd, Lawd, Lawd, Lawd, Lawd, Lawd, Lawd, Lawd, Lawd.
Owwwwwww!