To a man and wife three sons were born
On the same day a bright Sundy morn
Three boys with exactly the same chance in life
Their daddy was a wealthy man they'd know no hunger or strife.

Their names were Carroll Gerald and Harold Dee
The years passed quickly it seemed for the three
Carroll studied law with a bachelor's degree
He'd read law books till way in the night
To be the world's greatest lawyer was his goal in life.

Gerald studied numbers he was like a machine
Adding subtracting multiplying accounting was his dream
The books were untouched by the last of the three
Just God's Holy Bible would interest Harold Dee.

But he'd read it and recite it in his study for days
Without eating or sleeping learning of God's ways
The rest of the family would go to town but Harold Dee would stay home
And through the woods and the fields he'd walk around.

Why they wouldn't even get him to the barbershop
Several months passed and his folks told him this foolishness must stop
His mama and daddy said his hair was a disgrace
Not to mention the beard that grew long on his face.

At least they decided Harold Dee must leave home
Unlike Carroll and Gerald he had no business of his own
And his reputation was hurtin' the family name
The weird boy with the beads and the sandals and the bangs.

Six years passed no one knew where he went
Then the county was told a revival was a comin' in the world's biggest tent
Why it seemed the whole county was there opening night not one empty seat
When the missionary walked to the pulpit the crowd rose to their feet.

Everyone stared with shock and disbelief
Whispers went through the crowd I believe that's Harold Dee
The missionary held a closed Bible in his hands and spoke with a voice soft and kind
And recited Genesis, Matthews, Mark, Luke and John and Revelations line at a time.

It lasted four hours but not one left their seat
God's power had been given and delivered by Brother Harold Dee
In the fourth row from the front sat his mother and dad
His two brother and their wives he looked at them and smiled and said
God bless you for coming tonight let us pray.

God thank you for the great books that give knowledge to men
Of science, fiction, figures and the laws of the land
But most of all thank you for the Book of Life eternally
Your Holy Bible that you taught every word to Harold Dee, amen...